dev/johnwatts/openweather/Weather.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.Weather
dev/johnwatts/openweather/Snow.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.Snow
dev/johnwatts/openweather/HourlyWeatherForecast.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.HourlyWeatherForecast
dev/johnwatts/openweather/ReturnsDateTime.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.ReturnsDateTime
dev/johnwatts/openweather/Temperature.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.Temperature
dev/johnwatts/openweather/Hourly.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.Hourly
dev/johnwatts/openweather/OneCallResponse.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.OneCallResponse
dev/johnwatts/openweather/HourlyForecastLookup.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.HourlyForecastLookup
dev/johnwatts/openweather/Sunrise.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.Sunrise
dev/johnwatts/openweather/UtcSecondsToZonedDateTimeDeserializer.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.UtcSecondsToZonedDateTimeDeserializer
dev/johnwatts/openweather/WeatherModel.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.WeatherModel
dev/johnwatts/openweather/HourlyPeriod.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.HourlyPeriod
dev/johnwatts/openweather/Rain.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.Rain
dev/johnwatts/openweather/Sunset.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.Sunset
dev/johnwatts/openweather/DateTime.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.DateTime
dev/johnwatts/openweather/MinutelyWeather.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.MinutelyWeather
dev/johnwatts/openweather/FeelsLike.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.FeelsLike
dev/johnwatts/openweather/EpochSecondsToLocalDateConvertor.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.EpochSecondsToLocalDateConvertor
dev/johnwatts/openweather/CurrentWeather.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.CurrentWeather
dev/johnwatts/openweather/OneCallResponseConverter.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.OneCallResponseConverter
dev/johnwatts/openweather/ForecastDuration.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.ForecastDuration
dev/johnwatts/openweather/WeatherClient.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.WeatherClient
dev/johnwatts/openweather/WeatherForecast.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.WeatherForecast
dev/johnwatts/openweather/DailyWeatherForecast.java
 dev.johnwatts.openweather.DailyWeatherForecast
